Edits to institutional FAQ (#4185)
jupyterhub/jupyterhub: docs/source/getting-started/institutional-faq.md

  has several extensions that are tailored for using Jupyter Notebooks, as well as extensions
  for other parts of the data science stack.
- **JupyterHub** is an application that manages interactive computing sessions for **multiple users**.

>   It also connects them(sessions) with infrastructure those users wish to access. It can provide

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
  It also connects users with infrastructure they wish to access. It can provide
```
